gh-142349: Implement PEP 810 - Explicit lazy imports (#142351)
python/cpython: Doc/library/sys.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.11

.. function:: get_lazy_imports()

   Returns the current lazy imports mode as a string.

   * ``"normal"``: Only imports explicitly marked with the ``lazy`` keyword
     are lazy
   * ``"all"``: All top-level imports are potentially lazy
   * ``"none"``: All lazy imports are suppressed (even explicitly marked
     ones)

   See also :func:`set_lazy_imports` and :pep:`810`.

   .. versionadded:: next

.. function:: get_lazy_imports_filter()

   Returns the current lazy imports filter function, or ``None`` if no
   filter is set.

   The filter function is called for every potentially lazy import to
   determine whether it should actually be lazy. See
   :func:`set_lazy_imports_filter` for details on the filter function
   signature.

   .. versionadded:: next

.. function:: get_lazy_modules()

   Returns a set of fully-qualified module names that have been

>    lazilyimported. This is primarily useful for diagnostics and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   lazily imported. This is primarily useful for diagnostics and
```
